Bluetooth: doc: Note on thread safety (#52207)
zephyrproject-rtos/zephyr: doc/connectivity/bluetooth/bluetooth-dev.rst

Additional information that is only relevant to Bluetooth applications can be
found in this page.

Thread safety
*************

> Calling into the Bluetooth API is intended to be thread safe, unless otherwise
> noted in the documentation of the API function. There may be bugs. Please don't
> hesitate to file a bug report if you find a race condition.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Calling into the Bluetooth API is intended to be thread safe, unless otherwise
noted in the documentation of the API function. The effort to ensure that this is the case for all API calls is an ongoing one, but the overall goal is formally stated in this paragraph. Bug reports and Pull Requests that move the subsystem in the direction of such goal are welcome.
```
